♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure, One Piece,
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is the
island of Punk Hazard,
where they face off against the
mad scientist, Caesar Clown.
When he unleashes a
terrifying chemical weapon
known as "Land of the Dead,"
the Straw Hats barely survive.
Now, they dash through
a massive laboratory,
alongside their new ally,
the Warlord, Trafalgar Law.
Their objective
is to kidnap Caesar,
free his captives
and escape the island.
After falling
into a garbage dump,
Luffy met Momonosuke,
a dragon with the same
name as Kin'emon's son.
[MOMONOSUKE screams]
What's wrong?
Hey, wait!
[MOMONOSUKE]
Oh, cool! So you can fly!
Just give us the candy!
[ROBIN groans]
I'd rather you not.
--[BOTH gasp]
--[NAMI] Robin!
[gasps]
[chuckles] You must
be Pirate Hunter Zoro.
I hear you have
a rather massive bounty!
You're a Logia-type, huh?
All right, then. Bring it on.
[LUFFY]
"A Deadly Fight in a Blizzard!
The Straw Hats vs.
the Snow Woman!"
[ZORO grunts]
[CHOPPER]
Robin!
[NAMI]
Are you okay?
I'll be fine.
It was only a scratch.
But we had better hurry
and stop the children.
You're right.
--[CHILDREN screaming]
--[ROBIN, CHOPPER, NAMI gasp]
Oh, no! They're leaving!
We can't let the kids get away!
[GIRL A]
Wait, Mocha!
I promised Mocha I
would hold them off,
so she could get a head-start,
but this has all gone wrong!
I put her in danger!
--[CHILDREN shouting]
--[MOCHA gasping]
[SYND]
Get back here!
[UZU]
Give us that candy, now!
I'm sorry, guys!
Now that Chopper's told me
what this stuff does,
I can't let you have it!
[DOLAN] Look, you're
not being fair, Mocha!
Come back here and give us
some candy right now, Mocha!
But can't you see that
this candy's hurting you?
Just look what
it's making you do!
[MOCHA crying]
Mocha, we just don't
have any choice.
They said we were
both really sick.
[MOCHA]
Mommy! Daddy!
I'm sorry, but you
can't see them anymore.
If any grownups
come close to us,
then they'll get the
disease, too, and die.
Don't you remember?
I still wish I could've
said good-bye,
but I don't want anything bad
to happen to our parents.
[MOCHA continues crying]
[SYND whimpers]
[SYND cries, sniffs]
But it's okay.
They said we'd be better
in a year, so let's be brave!
[MOCHA]
Mm.
[chuckles]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
There you kids are!
So glad you made it.
Hello, my name is Caesar Clown.
But please call me Master.
You two are part of the
very first group of patients
I'll be treating.
Nice to meet you.
[MOCHA, SYND gasp]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
You must've been so frightened
when you found out
you were sick!
You poor dears.
But everything's all right now.
You have no reason to fear.
Whatever it takes,
I promise I'll have all of you
sweet children feeling
better in no time!
--[MOCHA gasps]
--[CAESAR CLOWN sniffs]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
The truth is,
I lost my only son
to this deadly disease.
It broke my heart!
I'll do everything in my power
to ensure no child ever
suffers from it again!
[CAESAR CLOWN cries] And I can't
bear to see another parent
bury their precious child
the way I had to! [cries]
Oh, I'm sorry. Please excuse me.
I-- I shouldn't cry
in front of you.
Aw, are you okay? Poor Master.
Thank you, dear.
So kind of you to ask.
Well, anyway!
I suppose I should
introduce you to everyone.
These children come
from different islands,
but they all share
the same ailment.
[CHILDREN yelling]
[SYND]
Give us the candy!
I'm Uzu. Nice to meet you.
Candy!
Hi, I'm Dolan.
Come back! Mocha!
My name's Konbu.
We need more candy!
[MONET]
We've got some new friends
joining us today, children.
I want you to show them around
and make them feel welcome.
[CHILDREN]
Yay!
[GIRL B whimpers, gasps]
Come on, let's go
play over there!
Yeah, this way!
[grunts]
[MONET chuckles]
Does that sound fun to you?
Yeah!
[CHILDREN laughing]
All right, kids.
Be sure to play nice!
Oh, and let me know if
you need any help, okay?
[CHILDREN]
'Kay! Thanks, Monet!
Monet seemed so nice,
but she tricked us!
Everything she
told us was a lie!
[MONET] You handled
your treatment so well.
Have this. It's a piece
of candy from the Master.
[CHILDREN yelling]
Guys, we gotta get
out of here! Hurry up!
Come on, snap out of it!
We have to catch up
with the children and quick!
Let's go!
[clanging]
[ZORO]
Huh? Where'd she go?
[ZORO growls]
--[ZORO] Hey!
--[NAMI] Huh?
[ZORO] You really think
you can just run away?!
Zoro! What are you doing?!
Don't you dare try to cut me!
What is wrong with you?!
You can't just
use me as a shield!
--[NAMI, CHOPPER gasp]
--[ZORO grunts]
[NAMI yelps]
[MONET chuckles]
That's too bad.
Why are you attacking them?!
They're no threat to you.
Not yet, but picking
off the weak ones
while I can is
a winning strategy.
[NAMI grunts]
[NAMI]
Outta the way, Zoro!
Huh?
[NAMI]
Heat Egg!
[MONET groans]
I figured melting
her would work!
There's more where that
came from, birdbrain!
[CHOPPER]
Back off!
The Cat Burglar. So she's
the one worth 16 million.
[ZORO gasps]
Hey, enough hiding in the snow!
You wanna finish this or not,
you oversized chicken?!
[gasps]
Look at the door!
What's happening?
[MONET]
Snow Fence!
Perpetual Snow!
[NAMI yelps]
Nami, no! [grunts]
Stop it! Let me go!
[NAMI grunts]
I can't move! I'm freezing up!
No! Nami!
[CHOPPER gasps]
[CHOPPER screams]
[ZORO]
Not again!
Don't let her get you!
[CHOPPER whimpers]
[MONET growls]
All right, Cuatro Mano!
Spank!
[CHOPPER yells]
Nami!
[groans] She's so scary!
Hey, thanks! That
was close-- [gasps]
[MONET]
Sorry.
[NAMI grunts]
[MONET]
But Master Caesar needs those
test subjects for
an important project.
That's why it's my job
to ensure he and the
experiment are kept safe.
But now you've given Mocha
these rebellious ideas.
[CHOPPER]
Us?!
They chose to leave this awful
place of their own free will!
[ZORO]
That's enough! Outta my way!
[ZORO grunts]
Go on, hurry up!
[ROBIN, NAMI]
Mm.
[ROBIN]
Follow me.
[NAMI]
Right!
[CHOPPER] Hang in there,
Mocha! We're on our way!
[MONET]
That's not very nice.
[ZORO chuckles]
[MONET]
Since the first day
they came to live on
the island with us,
we've treated those
children with every comfort
and kindness they
could ever want.
[MONET] And yet you're trying to
steal these beloved treasures
from their adoring
foster parents.
But I suppose you are pirates.
Heh. If you expect it,
then you must be fine with it.
[MONET]
I told you it's not nice.
You're done interfering.
Sword Snow!
[MONET]
Skin Sword technique!
[MOMONOSUKE yelling]
Keep climbing! Maybe
we can get out this way!
[yelling]
--[MOMONOSUKE groans]
--[LUFFY] Wait, why'd you stop?
What's wrong?!
[MOMONOSUKE groaning]
[MOMONOSUKE panting]
I'm not hungry.
Not the slightest bit hungry.
O-Of course not.
[stomach rumbles]
Huh?
--[MOMONOSUKE groans]
--[LUFFY] Uh?
[grunts, gasps]
[LUFFY screaming]
[CAESAR CLOWN] Oh dear,
Monet's gotten sidetracked.
At this rate,
the children will escape!
Heh. Well, no matter.
If that happens,
we can kidnap ourselves a
new batch of guinea pigs later.
Our greatest priority is
providing a showcase for
Land of the Dead and
eliminating the Straw Hats.
Fortunately for us,
the gas is flowing steadily
into the building as we speak.
[CAESAR CLOWN chuckles]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Building B will soon be
completely filled with gas.
Then they'll be forced
to head into Building R.
But it's only a matter of time
before the gas
eradicates them all.
[cackles]
[BOTH] Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no!
Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no!
How did all that
gas get in here?
I thought all the entrances
had been sealed off!
[BROOK]
There must be a leak somewhere!
Well, that's just great!
If that's the case,
then it's not safe to stay
in this building anymore!
We're running outta time!
I think we'd better split up
to find those handcuffs quick!
Split again?
I suppose there's no choice.
Brook, you and Kin'emon
go together, okay?
I'll be fine,
but I'm afraid our samurai
friend here might lose his way!
Good thinking!
I am grateful to you,
Sir Skeleton!
[USOPP]
Meet you in Building R!
[KIN'EMON, BROOK]
Right!
Y'know, I've noticed that all
you've been doing
is defending yourself.
So is there some reason
why you haven't tried
to attack me at all?
[MONET] Oh, my.
I think I know what it is.
That's funny.
At first I thought there was
no way I could defeat you.
How about that?
I guess I was mistaken.
[MARINES panting]
[PIKE]
There's another room back here!
[MARINE A] Find the children and
get them out as fast as you can!
[MARINE B] It feels
like a snowstorm in here!
The Navy?
[SANJI] Come on,
let's bust the door open!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
It doesn't matter
how many of you
come to take
those children away.
I'll stop you!
[MARINES yelling]
[SANJI]
This way!
Save those kids!
[ALL yelling]
Why are all those
Marines answering to you?
They're not here!
The only person I can see
is Pirate Hunter Zoro!
Of course that
pain-in-the-ass is here.
[SANJI]
All right, here's the plan.
Everybody make dumb
faces at Mosshead!
[ZORO growls]
[SANJI, MARINES]
Ugh!
[ZORO]
I hope they all slip on the ice
and crack their
stupid skulls open.
[ZORO sighs]
Jackass. Nami and Robin
already went that way.
Why don't you go chase 'em down?
Gotcha! I knew you would
be useful to me one day!
You heard him, boys,
let's go find the-- [gasps]
[SANJI] Nevermind,
we've got a hottie right here!
[MARINES yell]
Shake those tail feathers!
[ZORO] Oh, come on! Pick your
jaws up off the floor, morons!
[MARINES growl]
Wait. Just look at her though.
She's half-woman, half-bird!
[MARINE B]
No way! A real-life harpy.
[MARINE C]
Huh?!
Yeah, but hey,
human or not, she
sure is a looker, right?
Sexiest bird I've ever seen!
Yeah, I could be into that!
[MARINES]
Woo-hoo!
Call me crazy, but I think
you're actually enjoying this!
[MONET gasps]
Woo, yeah!
Hey, why's it snowing?
Aren't we inside?
Huh?
Yeah, you're right.
[MONET chuckles]
That would be my doing.
It's so cold!
It's my duty after all.
I don't care who you are.
It'll be a cold day in hell when
I let you take those children.
[MARINE G gasps]
[MARINE H]
Uh, uh, she's gone!
Oh, great. Where did she go now?
[gasps]
[MARINE G yells]
[MONET snarls]
[MARINE G screams]
[MARINE G groans]
[MARINE shout]
[MARINE J]
Whoa, you okay, man?
[groans] It's my shoulder!
She bit it off!
[BOTH gasp]
--[MONET snarls]
--[MARINE L yelps]
[MARINES gasp]
You'll pay for that!
[MONET groans]
[MARINES gasping]
[MONET growls]
[snarls]
[MARINES yell]
[MARINE K]
She's a Logia type!
[MARINES yell]
[ZORO]
Dammit, woman.
[MARINE R groans]
[MARINE S grunts, gasps]
[MARINE S screams]
[yells]
[MONET groans]
Someone is using Haki on me!
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE S gasps]
[MARINES cheering]
[MARINE S]
Captain Tashigi!
[TASHIGI]
We sealed off the doors
to keep the gas from
getting into this room.
[TASHIGI]
But we don't know that it won't
leak in from another spot.
We don't have much time!
So do whatever it takes and
rescue all of the children!
Wha--?
But what about you?
I'm going to stay right here.
[MARINES]
Huh?
So what do you plan to do?
[MONET chuckles]
If you ask me, you could
use a little help here.
What?
[NARRATOR] Tashigi uses her
Haki to sqaure with Monet,
who wields the mighty power of
the Snow Snow Fruit.
However, when the
vengeful bird-woman
retaliates with her sharp fangs,
Tashigi's shoulder
is almost crushed.
Just then, Zoro's
animal-like instincts kick in.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Showing Off His Techniques!
Zoro's Formidable
One-Sword Style!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!